Michael and Julianne have been best
friends for years
the one constant thing in my life is
that he'll always be there but they were
never more than that call me four in the
morning whatever we got to talk until he
pop the question I called because I met
someone to someone else well we're
getting married he was in love with me
every day for nine years me I can see
what she has known him for what with
five seconds I can't lose him George I'm
a busy girl I've got four days to break
up the wedding distill the bride's
father
[Music]
Julie have this and Julie and Michael
and I were a wrong fit right from the
start I said that to George she's toast
the only fear she really has why not
you're practically the best man anyway I
just asked myself what would Lucy
Ricardo do in this situation
who's that guy I told him Georgia if
we're engaged why be ashamed of it right
it's just a big surprise we thought your
lesbian we have to talk about George
personally I think mr. Michael's
marrying the wrong girl inopportune time
marry me Tristar pictures presents a
story about finding the love of your
life
to really love him and deciding course
is just about winning what to do about
it did you just tell me why why did you
trust me oh why did you pretend to be my
friend Julia Roberts Oh Dermot Mulroney
and Cameron Diaz together my best
friend's wedding that's our maid of
honor she's from New York
[Music]